Guide Development (#19)
projectawakening/builder-examples: vending-machine/readme.md

## Introduction
This guide will walk you through the process of building contracts for the vending machine, deploying them into an existing world running in Docker, and testing their functionality by executing scripts.

> The vending machine allows you to automatically trade an item for another item. For example, if a player gives you one set item depending on the ratio you set it could give the player two of another item.

Reviewer: Can we give some details into it ? like A vending machine is a SSU in game which can be configured to trade items. and what could the items be

Author: Have added this.

> A vending machine is a SSU in the game which can be setup to trade items between the owner and players. Prices are set by providing a ratio of items. For example with a ratio of 1:2 for every item. For example, you can buy ore and give mining crystals to keep players mining.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A vending machine is a SSU in the game which can be setup to trade items between the owner and players. Prices are set by providing a ratio of items. For example with a ratio of 1:2  you can exchange 1 ore for 2 mining crystals
```

```bash
pnpm install
```

**Local Deployment**
This will deploy the contracts to your local world.
```bash
pnpm run deploy:local --worldAddress <worldAddress> 
```

**Devnet Deployment**
This will deploy the contracts to the Devnet world.
```bash
cd packages/contracts
pnpm run deploy:devnet --worldAddress <worldAddress> 
```

eg: `pnpm run deploy:local --worldAddress 0xafc8e4fd5eee66590c93feebf526e1aa2e93c6c3`

Once the deployment is successful, you'll see a screen similar to the one below. This process deploys the Vending Machine contract.
![alt text](./readme-imgs/deployment.png)

### Step 1: Setup the environment variables 
Next, replace the following values in the [.env](./packages/contracts/.env) file with the values you copied earlier:

```bash
#WORLD ADDRESS COPIED FROM DOCKER LOGS
WORLD_ADDRESS=

#DONT NEED TO CHANGE IF YOUR RUNNING LOCALLY
SSU_ID=
```

You can adjust the remaining values in the .env file as needed, though they are optional.

<details markdown="block">
<summary>Customizing optional environment values</summary>

#### Items
You can set the items in and out to change which items you trade for. 

```bash
#ITEM ID 77800 - Common Ore

> ITEM_IN_ID=888

Reviewer: we should add details where they could fetch these values in game 
https://github.com/projectawakening/builder-examples/blob/stable-release/README.md#step-2-env-changes

We should probably do this for all .env file. To say where and how they can these values

Author: Have added to all of the environment files.
